charts/pypiserver/README.md, before:

# pypiserver

![pypiserver](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pypiserver/pypiserver/refs/heads/main/docs/__resources__/pypiserver_logo.png)

A Helm chart for PyPI Server

![Version: 0.1.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.6-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v2.3.2](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v2.3.2-informational?style=flat-square)

## Get Helm Repository Info

```console
helm repo add community-charts https://community-charts.github.io/helm-charts
helm repo update
```

_See [`helm repo`](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_repo/) for command documentation._

## Installing the Chart

```console
helm install [RELEASE_NAME] community-charts/pypiserver
```

_See [configuration](#configuration) below._

_See [helm install](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_install/) for command documentation._

> **Tip**: Search all available chart versions using `helm search repo community-charts -l`. Please don't forget to run `helm repo update` before the command.

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.13.0-0`

## Uninstall Helm Chart

```console
helm uninstall [RELEASE_NAME]
```

This removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

_See [helm uninstall](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_uninstall/) for command documentation._

## Upgrading Chart

```console
helm upgrade [RELEASE_NAME] community-charts/pypiserver
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | For more information checkout: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#affinity-and-anti-affinity |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| image | object | `{"pullPolicy":"IfNotPresent","repository":"pypiserver/pypiserver","tag":""}` | This sets the container image more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/ |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | This sets the pull policy for images. |
| image.repository | string | `"pypiserver/pypiserver"` | The docker image repository to use |
| image.tag | string | `""` | Overrides the image tag whose default is the chart appVersion. |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | This is for the secretes for pulling an image from a private repository more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/ |
| ingress | object | `{"annotations":{},"className":"","enabled":false,"hosts":[{"host":"pypiserver.local","paths":[{"path":"/","pathType":"ImplementationSpecific"}]}],"tls":[]}` | This block is for setting up the ingress for more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/ |
| livenessProbe | object | `{"httpGet":{"path":"/health","port":"http"}}` | This is to setup the liveness probe more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes/ |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | This is to override the chart name. |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | For more information checkout: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | This is for setting Kubernetes Annotations to a Pod. For more information checkout: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ |
| podArgs | list | `["run","-a",".","-P",".","--overwrite"]` | PyPi server arguments. For more information checkout: https://github.com/pypiserver/pypiserver/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file#more-details-about-pypi-server-run |
| podLabels | object | `{}` | This is for setting Kubernetes Labels to a Pod. For more information checkout: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | This is for setting Security Context to a Pod. For more information checkout: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/ |
| readinessProbe | object | `{"httpGet":{"path":"/health","port":"http"}}` | This is to setup the readiness probe more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes/ |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | This will set the replicaset count more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/replicaset/ |
| resources | object | `{}` | This block is for setting up the resource management for the pod more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ |
| securityContext | object | `{}` | This is for setting Security Context to a Container. For more information checkout: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/ |
| service | object | `{"annotations":{},"name":"http","port":8080,"type":"ClusterIP"}` | This is for setting up a service more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/ |
| service.annotations | object | `{}` | Additional service annotations |
| service.name | string | `"http"` | Default Service name |
| service.port | int | `8080` | This sets the ports more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#field-spec-ports |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | This sets the service type more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#publishing-services-service-types |
| serviceAccount | object | `{"annotations":{},"automount":true,"create":true,"name":""}` | This section builds out the service account more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/ |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.automount | bool | `true` | Automatically mount a ServiceAccount's API credentials? |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| strategy | object | `{"type":"Recreate"}` | This will set the deployment strategy more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/#strategy |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | For more information checkout: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/ |
| volumeMounts | list | `[]` | Additional volumeMounts on the output Deployment definition. |
| volumes | list | `[]` | Additional volumes on the output Deployment definition. |

## Support

Reach out in [Discussions](https://github.com/pypiserver/pypiserver/discussions), or chat with community on [Zulip](https://pypiserver.zulipchat.com)

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/pypiserver/pypiserver>

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/community-charts/helm-charts>
* <https://github.com/pypiserver/pypiserver>

## Chart Development

Please install unittest helm plugin with `helm plugin install https://github.com/helm-unittest/helm-unittest.git` command and use following command to run helm unit tests.

```console
helm unittest --strict --file 'unittests/**/*.yaml' charts/pypiserver
```

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| burakince | <burak.ince@linux.org.tr> | <https://www.burakince.com> |

Commit message:

Fix wrong schema definition for ingress tls

charts/pypiserver/README.md, after:

# pypiserver

![pypiserver](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pypiserver/pypiserver/refs/heads/main/docs/__resources__/pypiserver_logo.png)

A Helm chart for PyPI Server

![Version: 0.1.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.7-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v2.3.2](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v2.3.2-informational?style=flat-square)

## Get Helm Repository Info

```console
helm repo add community-charts https://community-charts.github.io/helm-charts
helm repo update
```

_See [`helm repo`](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_repo/) for command documentation._

## Installing the Chart

```console
helm install [RELEASE_NAME] community-charts/pypiserver
```

_See [configuration](#configuration) below._

_See [helm install](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_install/) for command documentation._

> **Tip**: Search all available chart versions using `helm search repo community-charts -l`. Please don't forget to run `helm repo update` before the command.

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.13.0-0`

## Uninstall Helm Chart

```console
helm uninstall [RELEASE_NAME]
```

This removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

_See [helm uninstall](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_uninstall/) for command documentation._

## Upgrading Chart

```console
helm upgrade [RELEASE_NAME] community-charts/pypiserver
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | For more information checkout: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#affinity-and-anti-affinity |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| image | object | `{"pullPolicy":"IfNotPresent","repository":"pypiserver/pypiserver","tag":""}` | This sets the container image more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/ |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | This sets the pull policy for images. |
| image.repository | string | `"pypiserver/pypiserver"` | The docker image repository to use |
| image.tag | string | `""` | Overrides the image tag whose default is the chart appVersion. |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | This is for the secretes for pulling an image from a private repository more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/ |
| ingress | object | `{"annotations":{},"className":"","enabled":false,"hosts":[{"host":"pypiserver.local","paths":[{"path":"/","pathType":"ImplementationSpecific"}]}],"tls":[]}` | This block is for setting up the ingress for more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/ |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` | This is for setting up the ingress annotations |
| ingress.className | string | `""` | This is for setting up the ingress class name |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` | This is for setting up the ingress enabled |
| ingress.hosts | list | `[{"host":"pypiserver.local","paths":[{"path":"/","pathType":"ImplementationSpecific"}]}]` | This is for setting up the ingress hosts |
| ingress.hosts[0] | object | `{"host":"pypiserver.local","paths":[{"path":"/","pathType":"ImplementationSpecific"}]}` | This is for setting up the ingress host |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths | list | `[{"path":"/","pathType":"ImplementationSpecific"}]` | This is for setting up the ingress paths |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0] | object | `{"path":"/","pathType":"ImplementationSpecific"}` | This is for setting up the ingress path |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].pathType | string | `"ImplementationSpecific"` | This is for setting up the ingress path type |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | This is for setting up the ingress tls |
| livenessProbe | object | `{"httpGet":{"path":"/health","port":"http"}}` | This is to setup the liveness probe more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes/ |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | This is to override the chart name. |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | For more information checkout: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | This is for setting Kubernetes Annotations to a Pod. For more information checkout: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/ |
| podArgs | list | `["run","-a",".","-P",".","--overwrite"]` | PyPi server arguments. For more information checkout: https://github.com/pypiserver/pypiserver/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file#more-details-about-pypi-server-run |
| podLabels | object | `{}` | This is for setting Kubernetes Labels to a Pod. For more information checkout: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | This is for setting Security Context to a Pod. For more information checkout: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/ |
| readinessProbe | object | `{"httpGet":{"path":"/health","port":"http"}}` | This is to setup the readiness probe more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes/ |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | This will set the replicaset count more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/replicaset/ |
| resources | object | `{}` | This block is for setting up the resource management for the pod more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ |
| securityContext | object | `{}` | This is for setting Security Context to a Container. For more information checkout: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/ |
| service | object | `{"annotations":{},"name":"http","port":8080,"type":"ClusterIP"}` | This is for setting up a service more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/ |
| service.annotations | object | `{}` | Additional service annotations |
| service.name | string | `"http"` | Default Service name |
| service.port | int | `8080` | This sets the ports more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#field-spec-ports |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | This sets the service type more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#publishing-services-service-types |
| serviceAccount | object | `{"annotations":{},"automount":true,"create":true,"name":""}` | This section builds out the service account more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/ |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.automount | bool | `true` | Automatically mount a ServiceAccount's API credentials? |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| strategy | object | `{"type":"Recreate"}` | This will set the deployment strategy more information can be found here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/#strategy |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | For more information checkout: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/ |
| volumeMounts | list | `[]` | Additional volumeMounts on the output Deployment definition. |
| volumes | list | `[]` | Additional volumes on the output Deployment definition. |

## Support

Reach out in [Discussions](https://github.com/pypiserver/pypiserver/discussions), or chat with community on [Zulip](https://pypiserver.zulipchat.com)

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/pypiserver/pypiserver>

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/community-charts/helm-charts>
* <https://github.com/pypiserver/pypiserver>

## Chart Development

Please install unittest helm plugin with `helm plugin install https://github.com/helm-unittest/helm-unittest.git` command and use following command to run helm unit tests.

```console
helm unittest --strict --file 'unittests/**/*.yaml' charts/pypiserver
```

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| burakince | <burak.ince@linux.org.tr> | <https://www.burakince.com> |
